# C3 Ruins of Bryyo

The journey through the desert took 3 days. On their way, the group passed a small oasis and encountered some mummies inhabiting it. After setting it aflame, the mummies perished, and they found a small dagger embedded in one of them. During the first 2 nights, they noticed multiple shining eyes watching them. In the third night, they were ambushed by a herd of Cranium rats. After disposing of most of them, the rest fled, towards what they presumed was the ruins of Bryyo. 

After the last trek, the group arrives in a silent Bryyo. The old stones seem just recently unearthed from the sands. Not a lot seems to be visible as of yet. Following some footprints, they find a weird meat salesman, who eventually attacks them. Inside his eye-socket, Chuma finds a weird brain worm. Eventually, they find Rhundas, who explains the group that Bryyo might be the location where an artifact of great power rests, one with which one can escape death. 

The group finds an entrance into a tower-like structure. After descending many flights of stairs, they come to a sandy bottom, with seemingly no exit safe for a crevice in the walls. It leads to a small cavern, winding up towards a huge undeground ravine. While thinking of a plan to traverse the ravine, a series of explosions against the cavern ceiling shakes the travelers. As the cavern starts to collapse, the group sprints back towards the tower, where sand has flown away and opened up new hallways. Climbing the tower seemed too dangerous, as the series of explosions has started a series of earthquakes. 

The group ventures into the buildings, where they are ambushed by Shadows, husks of shadow energy with a sole purpose of sucking energy from passerbies. The eventually stop by a room with a large painting, as well as multiple rings. The painting references a Lady of the Door, who demands rings to be given to her hand, which juts out of the painting. The group finds the 2 rings belonging to her, and the painting opens up to other parts of the building. They eventually arrive at a plaza, where they see some of the effects of the explosions, as sand from around the buildings drains into a huge sinkhole. The plaza has peculiar ornaments, a black disc with a purple rim adorns the plaza floor, and are very visible on one of the building doors. Sirona makes them out to be symbols of Shar, a goddess not native to Zakhara. 

The group enters the building adorned with the symbols, and as they make their way through, parts of the hallways start collapsing, separating the group from Rhundas and trapping the peculiars in the building. They follow stairs down into what seems like catacombs. They start hearing rustling from small crawlspaces, and are attacked by Intellect Devourers, ugly creatures made by experimentations of and kept as pets by mindflayers. The group manages to kill the intellect devourers, and investigate the tombs, which all appear to be empty. The group finds Rhundas, completely weakened by an intellect devourer and unresponsive. They find a huge hall, walls built with mirrors, a huge empty portal, and an empty pedestal. The pedestal was only recently disturbed, with whatever was on it taken away. 

